How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?	DESC
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?	ENTY
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?	DESC
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?	ENTY
What is the full form of .com ?	ABBR
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	HUM
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?	HUM
What is the oldest profession ?	HUM
What are liver enzymes ?	DESC
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .	HUM
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?	NUM
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?	DESC
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?	HUM
Who killed Gandhi ?	HUM
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	ENTY
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?	LOC
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?	DESC
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?	NUM
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?	DESC
What is an annotated bibliography ?	DESC
What is the date of Boxing Day ?	NUM
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?	ENTY
Name 11 famous martyrs .	HUM
What 's the Olympic motto ?	DESC
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?	DESC
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?	ENTY
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	HUM
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?	LOC
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .	ENTY
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?	LOC
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?	ABBR
What does a spermologer collect ?	ENTY
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?	NUM
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?	HUM
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?	NUM
What do Mormons believe ?	DESC
When did the neanderthal man live ?	NUM
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?	ENTY
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?	LOC
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?	ENTY
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?	DESC
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?	ENTY
How many people in the world speak French ?	NUM
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?	NUM
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?	DESC
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?	HUM
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?	ENTY
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?	HUM
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?	DESC
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?	ENTY
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?	LOC
What is ethology ?	DESC
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?	HUM
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?	DESC
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?	HUM
What is the nature of learning ?	DESC
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?	ENTY
What 's the term for a young fox ?	ENTY
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?	LOC
What is the Kashmir issue ?	DESC
Where is the Loop ?	LOC
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?	DESC
What country 's capital is Tirana ?	LOC
What is titanium ?	DESC
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?	HUM
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with Los Angeles ?	LOC
What is a caldera ?	DESC
Why do people get calluses ?	DESC
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?	LOC
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?	DESC
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?	LOC
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	HUM
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?	ENTY
What is the history of skateboarding ?	DESC
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?	HUM
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?	DESC
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?	HUM
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?	ENTY
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?	DESC
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .	LOC
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?	ENTY
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?	NUM
What is the origin of head lice ?	DESC
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?	LOC
What was the first domesticated bird ?	ENTY
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?	NUM
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?	LOC
What is a fear of shadows ?	ENTY
Who were the five Marx brothers ?	HUM
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	NUM
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?	NUM
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?	DESC
What are bear and bull markets ?	DESC
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?	ENTY
What is `` dew point '' ?	DESC
What is the meaning of Jesus ?	DESC
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?	HUM
What is the definition of a cascade ?	DESC
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?	NUM
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?	LOC
Who invented Make-up ?	HUM
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?	DESC
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?	DESC
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?	ENTY
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?	HUM
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?	HUM
How do you make a paintball ?	DESC
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?	LOC
What is a female rabbit called ?	ENTY
Where is the highest point in Japan ?	LOC
Where do chihuahuas come from ?	DESC
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?	LOC
What are the world 's four oceans ?	LOC
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?	ENTY
What is the largest snake in the world ?	ENTY
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?	ENTY
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?	LOC
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?	NUM
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	ENTY
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?	DESC
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?	LOC
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	ENTY
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?	DESC
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	NUM
How do chickens have baby chicks ?	DESC
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?	DESC
How was the element calcium named ?	DESC
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?	HUM
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?	HUM
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?	NUM
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?	ENTY
What is a transistor ?	DESC
What is a film starring Jude Law ?	ENTY
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?	ENTY
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?	ENTY
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?	NUM
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?	HUM
What are equity securities ?	DESC
What is gymnophobia ?	DESC
How many years do fossils take to form ?	NUM
Where is the Orinoco ?	LOC
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	ENTY
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?	LOC
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?	ENTY
What is the origin of the word , JJ .	DESC
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?	NUM
How you can raise your IQ ?	DESC
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?	ABBR
Who produces Spumante ?	HUM
Who earns their money the hard way ?	HUM
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?	HUM
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?	HUM
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?	NUM
Who discovered electricity ?	HUM
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?	ENTY
Who was the first American in space ?	HUM
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?	LOC
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?	ENTY
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .	ENTY
What is a dental root canal ?	DESC
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?	ENTY
What is the busiest air travel season ?	NUM
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?	ENTY
What are hook worms ?	DESC
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?	LOC
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?	HUM
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	HUM
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?	LOC
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?	NUM
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	NUM
Where are the 49 steps ?	LOC
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?	NUM
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?	HUM
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?	HUM
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?	ENTY
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?	HUM
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?	DESC
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?	DESC
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?	NUM
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?	LOC
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	LOC
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?	ENTY
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	HUM
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?	HUM
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?	DESC
What is the 401 , K , plan ?	DESC
What causes pneumonia ?	DESC
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?	NUM
What does gringo mean ?	DESC
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?	LOC
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?	ENTY
Where is the Kalahari desert ?	LOC
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?	HUM
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?	LOC
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?	ENTY
Who created Dennis the Menace ?	HUM
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?	HUM
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?	NUM
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?	LOC
How do I start a web based business ?	DESC
Name Alvin 's brothers	HUM
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?	DESC
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?	DESC
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?	NUM
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?	HUM
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?	HUM
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?	NUM
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?	ENTY
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?	DESC
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?	HUM
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?	ENTY
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?	ENTY
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?	LOC
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?	DESC
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?	DESC
How many species of sharks are there ?	NUM
What is `` snoogans '' ?	DESC
How many people are there in the world ?	NUM
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?	ENTY
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?	HUM
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?	DESC
What does S.O.S. stand for ?	ABBR
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?	ENTY
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?	DESC
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?	DESC
What four forms does gold occur in ?	ENTY
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?	NUM
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?	DESC
When did beethoven die ?	NUM
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?	NUM
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?	LOC
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?	DESC
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?	HUM
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?	DESC
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?	HUM
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?	NUM
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?	LOC
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?	LOC
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?	ENTY
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?	HUM
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?	ENTY
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?	ENTY
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?	NUM
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?	DESC
Where was George Washington born ?	LOC
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .	NUM
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?	HUM
What is paracetamol ?	DESC
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?	DESC
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .	ENTY
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?	NUM
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?	HUM
What is the origin of the name Katie ?	DESC
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .	HUM
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?	NUM
Who is Terrence Malick ?	HUM
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?	ENTY
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .	DESC
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?	ENTY
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?	LOC
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?	NUM
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?	ABBR
When did World War I start ?	NUM
How many feet are there in a fathom ?	NUM
What is a Canada two-penny black ?	DESC
What European city do Nicois live in ?	LOC
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?	DESC
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?	DESC
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?	ENTY
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?	HUM
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?	ENTY
What did brontosauruses eat ?	ENTY
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?	ENTY
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?	HUM
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?	HUM
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?	HUM
What is molybdenum ?	DESC
When is Boxing Day ?	NUM
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?	ENTY
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?	NUM
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?	NUM
What 's the official animal of Canada ?	ENTY
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?	NUM
What is the size of the largest akita ?	NUM
What animal has the biggest eyes ?	ENTY
What is California 's capital ?	LOC
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?	HUM
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?	HUM
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?	LOC
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?	DESC
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?	DESC
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?	LOC
What do Italians call Florence ?	ENTY
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?	DESC
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?	ABBR
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?	LOC
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?	ENTY
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?	ENTY
What city did the Flintstones live in ?	LOC
What is Latin for incompetent ?	ENTY
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?	ENTY
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?	HUM
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?	ENTY
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?	HUM
What is the abbreviation for micro ?	ABBR
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?	ENTY
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?	HUM
What does NASDAQ stand for ?	ABBR
What is BPH ?	ABBR
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?	ENTY
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?	LOC
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?	HUM
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?	DESC
What was Einstein 's IQ ?	NUM
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?	NUM
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?	HUM
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?	LOC
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?	ENTY
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?	LOC
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?	HUM
How did the tradition of best man start ?	DESC
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?	NUM
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?	LOC
What are Halloween 's colors ?	ENTY
How is silk screening done ?	DESC
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	NUM
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?	HUM
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?	LOC
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?	HUM
How do you match a name to a social security number ?	DESC
How does a rainbow form ?	DESC
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?	NUM
What is the population of Ohio ?	NUM
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	NUM
Hazmat stands for what ?	DESC
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?	ENTY
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?	HUM
Who followed Caesar ?	HUM
What are the four elements ?	ENTY
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?	HUM
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?	ENTY
What is Answers.com 's address ?	LOC
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?	LOC
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?	HUM
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?	HUM
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?	ENTY
Who invented the radio ?	HUM
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	NUM
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?	ENTY
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?	DESC
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?	HUM
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	NUM
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?	ENTY
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?	HUM
What ocean is the largest in the world ?	LOC
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?	HUM
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?	NUM
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?	NUM
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?	DESC
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	HUM
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?	HUM
Define the Pheonix Club ?	DESC
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?	LOC
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?	DESC
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?	ENTY
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?	HUM
How successful is arometherapy ?	DESC
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?	ENTY
How does a copier work ?	DESC
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	NUM
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?	HUM
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?	ENTY
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?	HUM
Where does chocolate come from ?	LOC
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?	ENTY
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?	HUM
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?	LOC
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?	ENTY
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?	HUM
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?	NUM
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?	HUM
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?	ABBR
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?	LOC
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	HUM
What is the function of RAM ?	DESC
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?	LOC
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?	NUM
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?	ENTY
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?	ENTY
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?	DESC
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?	HUM
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?	HUM
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?	ENTY
Where is Basque country located ?	LOC
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?	ENTY
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?	NUM
What is dry ice ?	DESC
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?	ENTY
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?	DESC
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?	NUM
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?	ENTY
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?	LOC
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three	NUM
What is the longest-running television series ?	ENTY
What predators exist on Antarctica ?	ENTY
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?	DESC
How is energy created ?	DESC
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?	ENTY
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?	NUM
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12	ENTY
What are the different types of plastic ?	ENTY
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?	DESC
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?	LOC
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?	LOC
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?	LOC
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?	NUM
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?	HUM
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?	ENTY
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?	LOC
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?	HUM
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .	DESC
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?	LOC
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?	DESC
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?	LOC
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?	DESC
What year did Hitler die ?	NUM
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?	HUM
What kind of animal is Babar ?	ENTY
What is Jane Goodall known for ?	DESC
What killed Bob Marley ?	ENTY
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?	NUM
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?	HUM
Who is Stein Eriksen ?	HUM
What does the name Billie mean ?	DESC
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?	HUM
What is the highest peak in Africa ?	LOC
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?	LOC
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?	LOC
What do bicornate animals have two of ?	ENTY
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?	DESC
What is a fear of weakness ?	ENTY
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?	NUM
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?	NUM
What does G.M.T. stand for ?	ABBR
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?	DESC
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?	ENTY
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?	ENTY
How do I tie dye clothes ?	DESC
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?	NUM
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?	DESC
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?	HUM
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?	HUM
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?	LOC
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?	DESC
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?	HUM
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?	LOC
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?	ENTY
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?	ENTY
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?	LOC
What makes popcorn pop ?	DESC
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?	HUM
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?	ENTY
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?	LOC
Who painted Mother and Child ?	HUM
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	NUM
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?	LOC
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	LOC
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?	ENTY
What was Mao 's second name ?	HUM
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?	ENTY
Where do hyenas live ?	LOC
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?	HUM
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?	ENTY
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?	HUM
What are Maid-Rites ?	DESC
What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?	ENTY
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?	HUM
How many referees work a soccer game ?	NUM
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?	ENTY
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?	ENTY
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?	DESC
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?	DESC
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?	NUM
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	HUM
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?	ENTY
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?	ENTY
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?	HUM
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?	HUM
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?	LOC
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?	HUM
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?	ENTY
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?	HUM
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?	LOC
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	NUM
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?	HUM
What is the Jewish bible called ?	ENTY
Why is the grass green ?	DESC
What is a firewall ?	DESC
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?	HUM
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?	HUM
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?	NUM
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?	HUM
What was known as the Spice Island ?	LOC
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?	HUM
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	HUM
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?	ENTY
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?	ENTY
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?	HUM
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?	LOC
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?	ENTY
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?	ENTY
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	NUM
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?	ENTY
What do economists do ?	DESC
What country has the largest sheep population ?	LOC
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?	DESC
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?	LOC
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?	NUM
What does SIDS stand for ?	ABBR
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	ENTY
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?	NUM
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?	DESC
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?	LOC
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?	ENTY
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	HUM
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?	HUM
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?	ENTY
What city is Logan Airport in ?	LOC
What is a nanometer ?	DESC
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?	NUM
When did CNN go on the air ?	NUM
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?	LOC
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?	NUM
Who invented baseball ?	HUM
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?	NUM
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?	ENTY
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?	NUM
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?	LOC
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?	DESC
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?	DESC
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .	ENTY
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?	HUM
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?	DESC
What is a fear of thunder ?	ENTY
What animal has killed the most people ?	ENTY
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?	NUM
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	LOC
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?	LOC
When was the Battle of Hastings ?	NUM
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?	ENTY
When did Muhammad live ?	NUM
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?	ENTY
What is a wop ?	DESC
Where do rocks come from ?	DESC
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?	DESC
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?	LOC
What is the best college in the country ?	HUM
What is viscosity ?	DESC
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?	ENTY
What are the Nordic nations ?	LOC
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?	LOC
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?	LOC
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .	ENTY
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	NUM
What is a fear of bees ?	ENTY
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?	ENTY
What is a green bog ?	DESC
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?	LOC
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?	ENTY
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?	LOC
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?	HUM
What attracts tourists to Reims ?	LOC
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?	ENTY
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?	ENTY
What 's an auberge in France ?	DESC
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?	HUM
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?	LOC
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?	HUM
What does ribavirin consist of ?	ENTY
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''	ENTY
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?	LOC
What was her real name ?	HUM
Why are the ears your center of balance ?	DESC
Who invented the toothbrush ?	HUM
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?	ENTY
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?	LOC
What is a fear of being alone ?	ENTY
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	NUM
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?	ENTY
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?	ABBR
How many hearts does an octopus have ?	NUM
What plant has the largest seed ?	ENTY
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?	LOC
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?	ENTY
What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?	HUM
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?	ENTY
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?	HUM
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?	NUM
What is the longest word in the English language ?	ENTY
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?	LOC
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?	HUM
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?	ENTY
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .	ENTY
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?	DESC
What percentage of the body is muscle ?	NUM
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?	ENTY
What is a golf ball made of ?	ENTY
What is the Amish religion ?	DESC
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	NUM
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?	HUM
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?	HUM
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?	HUM
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?	DESC
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?	ENTY
What animals do you find in the stock market ?	ENTY
What is color ?	DESC
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?	NUM
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?	ENTY
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?	HUM
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?	DESC
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?	HUM
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?	DESC
What is a Jellicle Cat ?	DESC
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?	LOC
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?	LOC
What is the second hardest substance ?	ENTY
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?	DESC
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?	LOC
When is Bastille Day ?	NUM
What makes a tornado turn ?	DESC
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?	NUM
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?	ENTY
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?	DESC
Who is Coronado ?	HUM
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?	ENTY
What is artificial intelligence ?	DESC
What do flatfish eat ?	ENTY
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?	HUM
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?	ENTY
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?	NUM
What is the origin of the word , magic ?	DESC
What sport do you shag flies in ?	ENTY
What is white chocolate ?	DESC
Where is Trinidad ?	LOC
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .	HUM
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?	HUM
What kind of wine is Spumante ?	ENTY
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?	HUM
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?	ENTY
What does the name Gina mean ?	DESC
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?	ENTY
How fast is light ?	NUM
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?	ENTY
What are shooting stars ?	DESC
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?	HUM
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?	NUM
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?	LOC
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?	DESC
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?	DESC
Who is Desmond Tutu ?	HUM
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?	LOC
Name a tiger that is extinct .	ENTY
How many quarters equal a pound ?	NUM
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?	ENTY
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?	HUM
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	NUM
Who is the worst US President ever ?	HUM
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?	HUM
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	ABBR
How fast does the fastest car go ?	NUM
What is the highest mountain in the world ?	LOC
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?	LOC
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?	HUM
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?	NUM
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?	LOC
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?	LOC
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?	DESC
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?	DESC
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?	HUM
What is a fear of passing high objects ?	ENTY
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?	DESC
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?	HUM
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?	DESC
What is the rarest coin ?	ENTY
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?	ENTY
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?	LOC
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?	LOC
What is a fear of parasites ?	ENTY
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?	ENTY
Who does data collection in tourism ?	HUM
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?	HUM
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?	LOC
What does a nihilist believe in ?	DESC
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?	DESC
In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?	ENTY
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?	HUM
What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?	ENTY
What are amphibians ?	DESC
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?	NUM
Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''	ENTY